Goals:

Be a part of the machine, not the machine itself.
Provide language agnostic APIs to communicate with.

Allow multiple paths of notification to include:
  Email
  Texting
  Calls
  SMS
  ...

Allow tickets to be folded in together:
  Merge all ticket memebers
  Merge all ticket groups
  Merge all ticket histories.

Determine a process for mapping workflow.
  UML?
  BPM?
  ...?

Authentication
  AD Integration
  Private local database

Emails
  Selectively block emails from specified senders, domains, etc.
  
Documentation Integration.
  Allow a process documentation system to be referred to from the tickets, projects, etc.
  Allos the documenation to refer back to tickets, procjets, etc.
  
Authorization

Accounts
  One account per person.
    Accounts are all basic level by default.
    Accounts can be granted other scopes (such as an Agent, Manager or other designated levels)
  Each person can be on multiple teams
    An accounts visiblity and screen is based upon the access level for the team on the current ticket.
      Except when that person is the owner.
    There are two teams per ticket:
      The Resolution Team (Agents)
      The Customer Team (Those impacted by the issue)
  An account can be part of multiple orgnizations:
    Organizations are Companies, Departments, Divisions, etc.
    The Agents working on a ticket may be in the same company or may be in different companies.
    The Customers requesting a ticket may be in the same company or may be in different companies.
  An account can be elevated or deelevated by discreet organization and or team.
    An agent in Printer Management needs to be elevated for tickets in that team.
    The same agent does not need to be eleveated for the Network Enigneer's work.
  For each team, at least one account is in charge of that team and is allowed to add/remove and grant or revoke rights in that team.
    This is true for all groups in the system.
    
Groups (of accounts)
  A group is simply defined as a list of individuals and/or groups that have individual specific rights defined for the group.
  A Department, Company, Workcenter, Team, Deivision, etc are just teams.
    You could list a Company as being part of a department.  In most cases this would make no sense, but you could.
    
    
Open Application Communications:
  Allow APIs to integrate with other ticket/task/project/etc systems.
  Integration with Outlook
  Integration with Gmail
  Integration with Facebook
  Integration with Salesforce
  Integration with Twitter

Project Planning
  Link projects steps to previous steps as dependencies or not dependent entries.
  Cross link steps in projects that depend on completion of steps in another project.
  Allow Multiple Bids and proposals for each step in the process to be decided upon.
  
